Cloud Shadows URP Lit Shader
----------------------------

This shader is based on the template created by Felipe Lira:
	https://gist.github.com/phi-lira/225cd7c5e8545be602dca4eb5ed111ba

How to install URP in your project:
	https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.render-pipelines.universal@7.1/manual/InstallingAndConfiguringURP.html

Watch this video of Unity's URP Sample Project with the materials replaced with this shader:
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AI-jZtT-uLc

Tested in Unity 2019.


ABOUT:
------
The original asset was built for the Standard render pipeline and used the Projector 
component/shader, but that component is now obsolete in Unity. The benefit of the projector 
was that it easily projected over most things. Unfortunately this version doesn't have that 
ability, but might be a useful alternative, specifically for the Universal render pipeline. 


HOW IT WORKS:
-------------
Import the Package file into your Unity project, or copy the files into your Assets folder. 
Open the DEMO SCENE included to see how it works.

Make sure the "SetShaderGlobalVars.cs" script is attached to an active object in your scene, 
and edit its properties before playing the scene. The script is used to set global shader variables 
so the affect will be applied to all materials/objects that use the shader. 

When selecting the shader for a material, it can be found under: 
	Universal Render Pipeline > Custom > Lit Cloud Shadows

Simply said, the effect works by scrolling a texture over the object the material is attached to. 
It also uses a noise texture for displacement and mixes it with the final color using the alpha value. 
Adjust cloud shadow properties in the "SetShaderGlobalVars.cs" script, not the material.


LIMITATIONS:
------------
This asset may not be useful in combination with other shaders, like Terrain, Foliage, Water, etc. 
You might be able to edit those shaders yourself using similar methods used in this shader.
The cloud shadows effect has no affect on actual shadows. 
The effect looks stretched at steep angles or on vertical meshes. 
Those features are beyond my knowledge or I didn't include them because it would complicate the shader. 

UPDATES:
--------
2021-07-13
- Enabled Alpha Cutoff

LICENSE:
--------
Free to use, modify, and distribute. Use at your own risk.